Dandelion the bard decided to throw a birthday party for Geralt. He planned to invited all of
Geralt's closest friends. Well, "friends", maybe. Geralt is kind of a loner. He spends
more time killing monsters then spending time at parties. Anyway, Dandelion got all of the
best food and wine he could find and then starting sending out invitations.

He decided to start by inviting Yennfer. "They were joined by fate using a wish from a genie,
so she's sure to turn up," thought Dandelion. He sent her a letter and a month later received
the following response:

	I suppose. I'll bring refreshments.

"Geralt is guaranteed to be very happy with her arrival! He's always had a soft spot for her.
I'm sure Triss will be willing to visit for Geralt's birthday. She's kind of obsessed with him
...in a creepy way." Dandelion said to himself. He threw Yennefer's letter into the fireplace
and sat down to write an invitation to Triss. Once he was finished, he mailed it via a friendly
dwarf who worked down at the post office. After a week or so, he received a letter in return:

	Sure, I can make it! I can't wait to see Geralt. How old is he now? Over a hundred?
	Is Yenn going to be there? I hope the whole betrayal thing doesn't get too under her
	skin. I'll bring some potions to really liven up the night!

"Hopefully she doesn't spike any of the drinks. Maybe I shouldn't leave her alone with Geralt..."
Next is Vesemir, Geralt's teacher. I'm worried that he might forget about Geralt's birthday,
so I'm going to send this invitation extra early. He's definitely got problems with his memory
these days." Dandelion wrote a nice, long letter for Vesemir and sent it to him.

	Of course I'll come! It's not every day a man turns one hundred (or near to it).
	I remember when I put my first hundred years behind me. I had just killed a griffin
	that was terrorizing a town in Kaedwen...

Dandelion got a short response within a few days. Ol' Vesemir seemed to start rambling on for...
what?! Ten pages?! The letter was super boring, but it looked like Vesemir could make it!

"I suppose I should come up with an execuse for Geralt to show up. Maybe I can tell him there's 
a damsel in distress, or a monster terrorizing a town. If nothing else, I can send him this letter."
About three weeks later, Dandelion received a response from Geralt. It was written on the back of
some kind of spirit animal hide and completely covered in blood. It read:

	I'm always looking for a payday. I'll be there soon.

"What a relief! We couldn't throw a birthday party for Geralt without Geralt!"

Even though everyone said they would be there, it turns out that everyone was still too busy.
No one showed up to the party except Geralt. He and Dandelion got to eat all of the food
themselves. They had a really crazy night around town, and then the next day Geralt was so happy
that his birthday was spent with his best friend Dandelion that he went out monster hunting
and was inspired to kill three noon wraiths for the local townspeople! Dandelion wrote
a song about it and they had a great day!

	Happy Birthday Geralt!

